Document potential error and warning after installation (#1489)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/reference/install.md

<div id="installation_post">
{{% md %}}
## Verify your Installation

After installing Pulumi, verify everything is in working order by running the `pulumi` CLI:

```bash
$ pulumi version
v{{< latest-version >}}
```

### Pulumi Not Found Error

If you get an error that `pulumi` could not be found, it means your path has not been configured correctly. Verify that your system's `$PATH` contains the directory containing the `pulumi` CLI installed earlier.

### New Version Warning

If a new version of Pulumi is available, the CLI produces the following example warning when running any of the available commands:

```

> warning: A new version of Pulumi is available. To upgrade from version '0.17.26' to '0.17.27', run

Reviewer: What do you think of including the _actual_ latest version in the example output? Just so the content seems more fresh in the future?

```suggestion
warning: A new version of Pulumi is available. To upgrade from version '0.17.26' to '{{< latest-version >}}', run
```

Author: Excellent suggestion -- thank you!

   $ curl -sSL https://get.pulumi.com | sh

or visit https://pulumi.com/docs/reference/install/ for manual instructions and release notes.

> v0.17.26

Reviewer: I'd remove this line as it is the output of `pulumi version` and not part of the warning itself. Other commands would have their own output after the warning.

```suggestion
```
